src/data_science_accelerator_example/python/README.md, before:

# MACHINE LEARNING SYSTEM BOILERPLATE TEMPLATE

![mle_pipeline](https://github.com/JosephWoodall/turbo-barnacle/blob/main/src/data_science_accelerator_example/python/assets/ml-engineering.jpg?raw=true)
source: https://ml-ops.org/content/end-to-end-ml-workflow

## OVERVIEW
One of the core tenants of data science that differentiates it from software engineering is its focus on experimentation. In software engineering, you develop, test, and push features that are primarily code-based. In data science, you conduct heaps of experiments while making changes in configuration, data, features, etc...The output isn't even necessarily "completed code," but artifacts such as model weights. Furthermore, there are different components of an ML system. "ML algorithms" is usually what people think of when they say machine learning, but it's only a small part of the entire system.

Please also keep in mind, for any ML project to succeed within a business organization, it's crucial to tie the performance of an ML system to the overall business performance. The effect of an ML project on business objectives can be hard to reason about. To gain a definite answer on the question of how ML metrics influence business metrics, experiments like A/B testing are often needed, regardless of model performance. Returns on investment in ML depend a lot on the maturity stage of adoption. The longer an organization has adopted ML, the more efficient your pipeline will run, the faster your development cycle will be, and the less engineering time you'll need, as well as the lower yourcloud bills will be, all of which lead to higher returns. According to Algorithmia, among companies that are more sophisticated in their ML adoption (having had models in production for over 5 years), almost 75% can deploy a model in under 30 days. Among those just getting started with their ML pipeline, 60% take over 30 days to deploy a model.

### ML SYSTEM CHARACTERISTICS
Most ML systems should have the following characteristics:  
- Reliability: the system should continue to perform the correct function at the desired level of performance even in the face of adversity (hardware or software faults, and even human error).  
- Scalability: the system should have reasonable ways to up-scale or down-scale depending on usage.  
- Maintainability: it's important to structure workloads and set up infrastructure in a way that different contributors can work using tools they're comfortable with, instead of one group of contributors forcing their tools on other groups. Code should be documented. Code, data, and artifacts should be versioned. Models should be sufficiently reproducible so that even when the original authors are not around, other contributors can have sufficient contexts to build on their work.  
- Adaptability: the system should have some capacity for both discovering aspects for performance improvement and allowing updates without service interruption. Because ML systems are part code, part data, and data can change quickly, ML systems need to be able to evolve quickly. This is tightly linked to maintainability.  

### USUAL (SIMPLIFIED) STEPS INVOLVED IN DEVELOPING ML SYSTEMS
Step 1: Project Scoping:  
- A project starts with scoping the project, laying out goals, objectives, and constraints. Stakeholders should be identified and involved. Resources should be estimated and allocated.  

Step 2: Data Engineering:  
- A vast majority of ML models today learn from data, so developing ML models starts with engineering data.  

Step 3: ML Model Development:   
- With the initial set of training data, we'll need to extract features and develop initial models leveraging these features. This is the stage that requires the most ML knowledger and is most often covered in ML courses.  

Step 4: Deployment:  
- After a model is developed, it needs to be made accessible to users. Developing an ML system is like writing- you'll never reach the point when your system is done. But you do reach the point when you have to put your system out there.  

Step 5: Monitoring and Continual Learning:  
- Once in production, models need to be monitored for performance decay and maintained to be adaptive to changing environments and changing requirements.  

Step 6: Business Analysis:  
- Model performance needs to be evaluated against business goals and analyzed to generate business insights. These insights can then be used to eliminate unproductive projects or scope out new projects. This step is closely related to the first step.  

### DS HIERARCHY OF NEEDS (CANNOT HAVE ONE WITHOUT THE PREVIOUS ONES)
- Collect: Instrumentation, logging, sensors, external data (second or third-party data), internal data (first-party data), user-generated content.  
- Move/Store: Reliable data flow, infrastructure pipelines, ETL/ELT, structured and unstructured data storage.  
- Explore/Transform: Cleaning, anomaly detection, prep.  
- Aggregate/label: analytics, metrics, segments, aggregattes, features, training data.  
- Learn/Optimize: A/B testing, experimentation, simple ML algorithms.  
- AI, Deep Learning.  

### PROBLEM STATMENT
Use this space to fill in the exact problem statment you wish to solve here.  
Clearly note and describe:  
- What the input is  
- What the output is  
- What is the objective function  
- What kind of task is it  


### GATHER AND CLEAN DATA
Use this space as a data dictionary for data relevant to the problem you want to solve, and clean/preprocess the data to ensure it's ready for modeling.  
Clearly note and describe:    
- What is/are the data source(s)  
- What is/are the data source(s) formats? JSON, CSV, Parquet, Avro, Protobuf, Pickle?  
- What is the data model? Relational? NoSQL? Graph? Structured or Unstructured?
- Desribe the ETL/ELT process, if any.  
- What is the dataflow mode? Data passing through databases? RESTful (POST/GET)? RPC? Real-time via Kafka/Kenesis? PubSub/Message Queue? Batch or Stream?  


### EXPLORE AND VISUALIZE DATA
Use this space to make note of any interesting findings, patterns, or relationships from the EDA that might inform your modeling choices.  
#### TRAINING DATA
Clearly note and describe:  
- Did your findings come from random sampling/non probability sampling/stratified sampling/weighted sampling/reservoir sampling/importance sampling?  
- Are you going to be using supervised or unsupervised ML? If supervised, did your data come with hand-labels/natural labels or did you create them?  
- Was there class imbalance that needed to be corrected? If so, how did you correct it? Data-level methods/Algorithm-level methods?  
- Did you resample data-levels? If so, how did you resample? Oversample/Undersample?  
- Did you augment the data? If so, which technique did you use? Simple Label-Preserving Transformations/Pertubation/Data Synthesis
#### FEATURE ENGINEERING
Clearly note and describe:  
- Were there missing data values? If so, were they missing not at random, missing at random, or missing completely at random? How did you correct this?  Imputation/Deletion? If Imputation, which methods did you use to impute? If Deletion, why did you delete the records with missing values?  
- Did you scale/normalize the continuous features? Did you discretize the features? Did you encode the categorical features? Did you feature cross? Did you include discrete/continuous positional embeddings?  
- Was there Data Leakage? Was there group leakage? What was the cause? Did you split your time-correlated data by time instead? How did you detect the data leakage?  
- Which features did you engineer? (see below for rules of thumb):  
    - The more features you have, the more opportunities there are for data leakage.  
    - Too many features can cause overfitting.  
    - Too many features can increase memory required to serve a model, which, in turn, might require you to use more expensive machine/instance to serve your model.  
    - Useless features become technical debts. Whenever your data pipeline changes, all the affected features need to be adjusted accordingly. For example, if one day your application decides to no longer take in information about users' age, all features that use users' age need to be updated.  
- Did you include functionality for feature selection/importance? If not, you should. If so, which technique(s) did you use to select those features?  
- Rules of thumb:  
    - Split data by time into train/test/validation splits instead of doing it randomly.  
    - If you oversample your data, do it after splitting.  
    - Scale and normalize your data after splitting to avoid data leakage.  
    - Use statistics from only the train split, instead of the entire data, to scale your features and handle missing values.  
    - Understand how your data is generated, collected, and processed. Involve domain experts if possible.  
    - Keep track of your data's lineage.  
    - Understand feature importance to your model.  
    - Use features that generalize well.  
    - Remove no longer useful features from your models.  

### DEVELOP AND TRAIN MODELS
Use this space to explain the model of choice, or type of model of choice, and explain any evaluation methodologies for selecting the best model here. 
- Rules of thumb:  
    - Avoid the state-of-the-art trap.  
    - Start with the simplest methods.  
        - Simpler models are easier to deploy, starting simple and adding to it makes it super easy to debug, simple models serve as a nice baseline to which to compare complex models, and Ensembled models are really, really good, homie.  
    - Avoid human bias in selecting models.  
    - Evaluate good performance now versus good performance later.  
    - Evaluate trade-offs.  
    - Understand your model's assumptions.  
        - "All models are wrong, but some are useful." -George Box, 1976.  
- Did you use an Ensemble/single model? Bagging? Boosting? Stacking?  
- Did you track your experiments and include the following:  
    - Loss Curve
    - Model Performance (like accuracy, F1, perplexity, recall, precision, etc...)  
    - Speed of Model  
    - System Performance Metrics (such as CPU/GPU utilization)  
    - Parameter/Hyperparameter changes over time? Gradient norms, weight norms, etc...  
- Did you version your experiments?  
- Did you have to do any debugging of your model?  
    - Debugging ML models is hard because models fail silently, it's slow to validate if you fixed the bug, and models are very cross-functionally complex.  
    - Common reasons an ML model failed:  
        - Theoretical Constraints  
        - Poor Implementation of Model  
        - Poor Choice of Hyperparameters  
        - Data Problems  
        - Poor Choice of Features  
    - Debugging Techniques:  
        - Start simple and gradually add more components.  
        - Overfit a single batch.  
        - Set a random seed.  
- Did you distribute the training? If so, how? Data parrallelism? Model parallelism?
- Did you use AutoML? If so, did you use soft (hyperparameter tuning optimization) or hard (architecture search and learned optimizer) AutoML? Why?  
    - If you used Hard AutoML, include a function to showcase the final architecture!  
- What were your offline evaluation metrics? Simple heuristics/zero rule baseline/human baseline/existing solutions?  
- What were your offline evaluation methods? Pertubation tests/invariance tests/discretional expectation tests/model calibration/confidence measurement/slice-based evaluation?  

### DEPLOY MODELS
Use this space to explain where the best model will be deployed. Will it be a web service/api call? Will it be a batch prediction model living in the backend? Will it be an embedded model in an edge device? List this here.  
- Who are the end users? Are you deploying to business users, who only need plots? Are you deploying and keeping your models up and running for millions of users a day?  
- Here are some myths on model deployment:  
    - You can only deploy one or two ML models at a time (you can actually deploy...a lot...)  
    - If we don't do anything, model performance remains the same (nope, models age like warm milk)  
    - You wont need to update your models as much (ask yourself, "how often am I reasonably able to update my models?")  
    - Most ML Engineers dont need to worry about Scale (um, yes they should)  
- Will you be deploying your model for Batch Prediction, Online Prediction, and/or to Edge Devices? What about a web browser?  
    - Batch prediction, which only uses batch features.  
    - Online prediction, which uses only batch features (e.g. precomputed embeddings).  
    - Online prediction, which uses both batch features and streaming features (also known as streaming prediction).  
    - Edge prediction, which is where computation is done on the edge on individual devices, where no internet connections are required, and network latency is not a concern.  
    - Browser prediction, which is an online prediction technique for running predictions in browser using WebAssembly.  
- How are you decreasing the latency for online predictions? Model Compression? Low-Rank Factorization? Knowledge Distillation? Pruning? Quantization?  
- How are you optimizing your model? Vectorization? Parallelization? Loop tiling? Operation Fusion? ML Techniques like autoTVM?

### MONITOR AND MAINTAIN MODELS
Use this space to explain how the deployed model's performance is being monitored over time and how it will be re-trained as necessary to ensure it continues to produce accurate/quality predictions. Remember, models age like warm milk.  


### SCALE UP AND OPTIMIZE
[Use this space to explain how the deployed model's scalability is accounted for if/when its usage grows. Will infrastructure scale up? Will you optimize the model's deployment to handle increased traffic? List this here]

```bash
data_science_accelerator/
├── README.md
├── Dockerfile
├── data_prep/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── cleaning.py
│   ├── transformation.py
│   ├── feature_engineering.py
│   ├── validation.py
│   ├── retrieval.py
│   ├── storage.py
│   └── pipeline.py
├── data_viz/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── plot_utils.py
│   └── dashboard.py
├── model_training/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── data_preprocessing.py
│   ├── model_selection.py
│   ├── model_evaluation.py
│   └── model_export.py
├── model_deployment/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── preprocessing.py
│   ├── serving.py
│   └── monitoring.py
├── utils/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── config.py
│   ├── logging.py
│   └── metrics.py
├── tests/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── test_data_prep.py
│   ├── test_data_viz.py
│   ├── test_model_training.py
│   ├── test_model_deployment.py
│   └── test_utils.py
└── examples/
    ├── __init__.py
    ├── data_prep_example.ipynb
    ├── data_viz_example.ipynb
    ├── model_training_example.ipynb
    ├── model_deployment_example.ipynb
    └── utils_example.ipynb
```

Commit message:

adds monitoring and maintaining models to readme

src/data_science_accelerator_example/python/README.md, after:

# MACHINE LEARNING SYSTEM BOILERPLATE TEMPLATE

![mle_pipeline](https://github.com/JosephWoodall/turbo-barnacle/blob/main/src/data_science_accelerator_example/python/assets/ml-engineering.jpg?raw=true)
source: https://ml-ops.org/content/end-to-end-ml-workflow

## OVERVIEW
One of the core tenants of data science that differentiates it from software engineering is its focus on experimentation. In software engineering, you develop, test, and push features that are primarily code-based. In data science, you conduct heaps of experiments while making changes in configuration, data, features, etc...The output isn't even necessarily "completed code," but artifacts such as model weights. Furthermore, there are different components of an ML system. "ML algorithms" is usually what people think of when they say machine learning, but it's only a small part of the entire system.

Please also keep in mind, for any ML project to succeed within a business organization, it's crucial to tie the performance of an ML system to the overall business performance. The effect of an ML project on business objectives can be hard to reason about. To gain a definite answer on the question of how ML metrics influence business metrics, experiments like A/B testing are often needed, regardless of model performance. Returns on investment in ML depend a lot on the maturity stage of adoption. The longer an organization has adopted ML, the more efficient your pipeline will run, the faster your development cycle will be, and the less engineering time you'll need, as well as the lower yourcloud bills will be, all of which lead to higher returns. According to Algorithmia, among companies that are more sophisticated in their ML adoption (having had models in production for over 5 years), almost 75% can deploy a model in under 30 days. Among those just getting started with their ML pipeline, 60% take over 30 days to deploy a model.

### ML SYSTEM CHARACTERISTICS
Most ML systems should have the following characteristics:  
- Reliability: the system should continue to perform the correct function at the desired level of performance even in the face of adversity (hardware or software faults, and even human error).  
- Scalability: the system should have reasonable ways to up-scale or down-scale depending on usage.  
- Maintainability: it's important to structure workloads and set up infrastructure in a way that different contributors can work using tools they're comfortable with, instead of one group of contributors forcing their tools on other groups. Code should be documented. Code, data, and artifacts should be versioned. Models should be sufficiently reproducible so that even when the original authors are not around, other contributors can have sufficient contexts to build on their work.  
- Adaptability: the system should have some capacity for both discovering aspects for performance improvement and allowing updates without service interruption. Because ML systems are part code, part data, and data can change quickly, ML systems need to be able to evolve quickly. This is tightly linked to maintainability.  

### USUAL (SIMPLIFIED) STEPS INVOLVED IN DEVELOPING ML SYSTEMS
Step 1: Project Scoping:  
- A project starts with scoping the project, laying out goals, objectives, and constraints. Stakeholders should be identified and involved. Resources should be estimated and allocated.  

Step 2: Data Engineering:  
- A vast majority of ML models today learn from data, so developing ML models starts with engineering data.  

Step 3: ML Model Development:   
- With the initial set of training data, we'll need to extract features and develop initial models leveraging these features. This is the stage that requires the most ML knowledger and is most often covered in ML courses.  

Step 4: Deployment:  
- After a model is developed, it needs to be made accessible to users. Developing an ML system is like writing- you'll never reach the point when your system is done. But you do reach the point when you have to put your system out there.  

Step 5: Monitoring and Continual Learning:  
- Once in production, models need to be monitored for performance decay and maintained to be adaptive to changing environments and changing requirements.  

Step 6: Business Analysis:  
- Model performance needs to be evaluated against business goals and analyzed to generate business insights. These insights can then be used to eliminate unproductive projects or scope out new projects. This step is closely related to the first step.  

### DS HIERARCHY OF NEEDS (CANNOT HAVE ONE WITHOUT THE PREVIOUS ONES)
- Collect: Instrumentation, logging, sensors, external data (second or third-party data), internal data (first-party data), user-generated content.  
- Move/Store: Reliable data flow, infrastructure pipelines, ETL/ELT, structured and unstructured data storage.  
- Explore/Transform: Cleaning, anomaly detection, prep.  
- Aggregate/label: analytics, metrics, segments, aggregattes, features, training data.  
- Learn/Optimize: A/B testing, experimentation, simple ML algorithms.  
- AI, Deep Learning.  

### PROBLEM STATMENT
Use this space to fill in the exact problem statment you wish to solve here.  
Clearly note and describe:  
- What the input is  
- What the output is  
- What is the objective function  
- What kind of task is it  


### GATHER AND CLEAN DATA
Use this space as a data dictionary for data relevant to the problem you want to solve, and clean/preprocess the data to ensure it's ready for modeling.  
Clearly note and describe:    
- What is/are the data source(s)  
- What is/are the data source(s) formats? JSON, CSV, Parquet, Avro, Protobuf, Pickle?  
- What is the data model? Relational? NoSQL? Graph? Structured or Unstructured?
- Desribe the ETL/ELT process, if any.  
- What is the dataflow mode? Data passing through databases? RESTful (POST/GET)? RPC? Real-time via Kafka/Kenesis? PubSub/Message Queue? Batch or Stream?  


### EXPLORE AND VISUALIZE DATA
Use this space to make note of any interesting findings, patterns, or relationships from the EDA that might inform your modeling choices.  
#### TRAINING DATA
Clearly note and describe:  
- Did your findings come from random sampling/non probability sampling/stratified sampling/weighted sampling/reservoir sampling/importance sampling?  
- Are you going to be using supervised or unsupervised ML? If supervised, did your data come with hand-labels/natural labels or did you create them?  
- Was there class imbalance that needed to be corrected? If so, how did you correct it? Data-level methods/Algorithm-level methods?  
- Did you resample data-levels? If so, how did you resample? Oversample/Undersample?  
- Did you augment the data? If so, which technique did you use? Simple Label-Preserving Transformations/Pertubation/Data Synthesis
#### FEATURE ENGINEERING
Clearly note and describe:  
- Were there missing data values? If so, were they missing not at random, missing at random, or missing completely at random? How did you correct this?  Imputation/Deletion? If Imputation, which methods did you use to impute? If Deletion, why did you delete the records with missing values?  
- Did you scale/normalize the continuous features? Did you discretize the features? Did you encode the categorical features? Did you feature cross? Did you include discrete/continuous positional embeddings?  
- Was there Data Leakage? Was there group leakage? What was the cause? Did you split your time-correlated data by time instead? How did you detect the data leakage?  
- Which features did you engineer? (see below for rules of thumb):  
    - The more features you have, the more opportunities there are for data leakage.  
    - Too many features can cause overfitting.  
    - Too many features can increase memory required to serve a model, which, in turn, might require you to use more expensive machine/instance to serve your model.  
    - Useless features become technical debts. Whenever your data pipeline changes, all the affected features need to be adjusted accordingly. For example, if one day your application decides to no longer take in information about users' age, all features that use users' age need to be updated.  
- Did you include functionality for feature selection/importance? If not, you should. If so, which technique(s) did you use to select those features?  
- Rules of thumb:  
    - Split data by time into train/test/validation splits instead of doing it randomly.  
    - If you oversample your data, do it after splitting.  
    - Scale and normalize your data after splitting to avoid data leakage.  
    - Use statistics from only the train split, instead of the entire data, to scale your features and handle missing values.  
    - Understand how your data is generated, collected, and processed. Involve domain experts if possible.  
    - Keep track of your data's lineage.  
    - Understand feature importance to your model.  
    - Use features that generalize well.  
    - Remove no longer useful features from your models.  

### DEVELOP AND TRAIN MODELS
Use this space to explain the model of choice, or type of model of choice, and explain any evaluation methodologies for selecting the best model here. 
- Rules of thumb:  
    - Avoid the state-of-the-art trap.  
    - Start with the simplest methods.  
        - Simpler models are easier to deploy, starting simple and adding to it makes it super easy to debug, simple models serve as a nice baseline to which to compare complex models, and Ensembled models are really, really good, homie.  
    - Avoid human bias in selecting models.  
    - Evaluate good performance now versus good performance later.  
    - Evaluate trade-offs.  
    - Understand your model's assumptions.  
        - "All models are wrong, but some are useful." -George Box, 1976.  
- Did you use an Ensemble/single model? Bagging? Boosting? Stacking?  
- Did you track your experiments and include the following:  
    - Loss Curve
    - Model Performance (like accuracy, F1, perplexity, recall, precision, etc...)  
    - Speed of Model  
    - System Performance Metrics (such as CPU/GPU utilization)  
    - Parameter/Hyperparameter changes over time? Gradient norms, weight norms, etc...  
- Did you version your experiments?  
- Did you have to do any debugging of your model?  
    - Debugging ML models is hard because models fail silently, it's slow to validate if you fixed the bug, and models are very cross-functionally complex.  
    - Common reasons an ML model failed:  
        - Theoretical Constraints  
        - Poor Implementation of Model  
        - Poor Choice of Hyperparameters  
        - Data Problems  
        - Poor Choice of Features  
    - Debugging Techniques:  
        - Start simple and gradually add more components.  
        - Overfit a single batch.  
        - Set a random seed.  
- Did you distribute the training? If so, how? Data parrallelism? Model parallelism?
- Did you use AutoML? If so, did you use soft (hyperparameter tuning optimization) or hard (architecture search and learned optimizer) AutoML? Why?  
    - If you used Hard AutoML, include a function to showcase the final architecture!  
- What were your offline evaluation metrics? Simple heuristics/zero rule baseline/human baseline/existing solutions?  
- What were your offline evaluation methods? Pertubation tests/invariance tests/discretional expectation tests/model calibration/confidence measurement/slice-based evaluation?  

### DEPLOY MODELS
Use this space to explain where the best model will be deployed. Will it be a web service/api call? Will it be a batch prediction model living in the backend? Will it be an embedded model in an edge device? List this here.  
- Who are the end users? Are you deploying to business users, who only need plots? Are you deploying and keeping your models up and running for millions of users a day?  
- Here are some myths on model deployment:  
    - You can only deploy one or two ML models at a time (you can actually deploy...a lot...)  
    - If we don't do anything, model performance remains the same (nope, models age like warm milk)  
    - You wont need to update your models as much (ask yourself, "how often am I reasonably able to update my models?")  
    - Most ML Engineers dont need to worry about Scale (um, yes they should)  
- Will you be deploying your model for Batch Prediction, Online Prediction, and/or to Edge Devices? What about a web browser?  
    - Batch prediction, which only uses batch features.  
    - Online prediction, which uses only batch features (e.g. precomputed embeddings).  
    - Online prediction, which uses both batch features and streaming features (also known as streaming prediction).  
    - Edge prediction, which is where computation is done on the edge on individual devices, where no internet connections are required, and network latency is not a concern.  
    - Browser prediction, which is an online prediction technique for running predictions in browser using WebAssembly.  
- How are you decreasing the latency for online predictions? Model Compression? Low-Rank Factorization? Knowledge Distillation? Pruning? Quantization?  
- How are you optimizing your model? Vectorization? Parallelization? Loop tiling? Operation Fusion? ML Techniques like autoTVM?

### MONITOR AND MAINTAIN MODELS
Use this space to explain how the deployed model's performance is being monitored over time and how it will be re-trained as necessary to ensure it continues to produce accurate/quality predictions. Remember, models age like warm milk.  
#### ML SYSTEM FAILURES
- Rules of Thumb for Failures:  
    - Software System Failures (Dependency, Deployment, Hardware, or Downtime/Crashing Failures)
    - ML Specific Failures (Production data differing from training data, Edge cases, Degenerate feedback loops (this is a biggie))
    - Data Distribution Shifts (Covariate Shift, Label Shift, Concept Drift)
#### MONITORING AND OBSERVABILITY
Monitoring refers to the act of tracking, measuring, and logging different metrics that can help determine when something goes wrong.  
Observability (also called instrumentation) refers to setting up the ML system in a way that gives us visibility into the system to help us investigate what went wrong, and is part of monitoring.  
- How are you monitoring the system?  
    - List your Operational Metrics here:  
    - List your ML-Specific Metrics here:  (accuracy-related metrics, predictions, features, and raw inputs)
- What are you including in your logs?  
- Are you using any Dashboards? What are they? Where are they?  
- What alerts do you have in place? What is your alert policy? What are the notification channels? What is your description format of your alerts?  

### SCALE UP AND OPTIMIZE
[Use this space to explain how the deployed model's scalability is accounted for if/when its usage grows. Will infrastructure scale up? Will you optimize the model's deployment to handle increased traffic? List this here]

```bash
data_science_accelerator/
├── README.md
├── Dockerfile
├── data_prep/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── cleaning.py
│   ├── transformation.py
│   ├── feature_engineering.py
│   ├── validation.py
│   ├── retrieval.py
│   ├── storage.py
│   └── pipeline.py
├── data_viz/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── plot_utils.py
│   └── dashboard.py
├── model_training/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── data_preprocessing.py
│   ├── model_selection.py
│   ├── model_evaluation.py
│   └── model_export.py
├── model_deployment/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── preprocessing.py
│   ├── serving.py
│   └── monitoring.py
├── utils/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── config.py
│   ├── logging.py
│   └── metrics.py
├── tests/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── test_data_prep.py
│   ├── test_data_viz.py
│   ├── test_model_training.py
│   ├── test_model_deployment.py
│   └── test_utils.py
└── examples/
    ├── __init__.py
    ├── data_prep_example.ipynb
    ├── data_viz_example.ipynb
    ├── model_training_example.ipynb
    ├── model_deployment_example.ipynb
    └── utils_example.ipynb
```
