main.tf: This file contains the entry point for your Terraform configuration. Here you would define your provider, module blocks, and any other top-level resources.

variables.tf: This file contains the variables that will be used in your Terraform code. You can define variables that will be used throughout your modules and make your code more flexible.

outputs.tf: This file contains the outputs that will be generated by your Terraform code. You can define outputs that will be used to output the results of your modules and make your code more flexible.

data_sources/: This directory contains the data sources that you will use in your modules. You can define data sources for services like S3, RDS, and others.

compute/: This directory contains the compute resources that you will use in your modules. You can define compute resources like EC2 instances, ECS clusters, and others.

data/: This directory contains the data resources that you will use in your modules. You can define data resources like S3 buckets, RDS instances, and others.

security/: This directory contains the security resources that you will use in your modules. You can define security resources like VPCs, security groups, and others.

lambda/: This directory contains the Lambda resources that you will use in your modules. You can define Lambda functions, layers, and other related resources.

mlops/: This directory contains the MLOps resources that you will use in your modules. You can define resources like SageMaker endpoints, Glue jobs, and others.

By organizing your Terraform code into modules, you can make your code more modular, reusable, and maintainable. You can then use these modules to instantiate your MLOps architecture. 